Add hint for BE login problems (#747)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Tutorial-GettingStarted: Documentation/Troubleshooting/BackendLogin.rst

*   Check the cookies configuration in TYPO3: Ensure that cookie-related
    settings (:confval:`sessionTimeout <t3coreapi:globals-typo3-conf-vars-be-sessiontimeout>`,
    :confval:`cookieDomain <t3coreapi:globals-typo3-conf-vars-be-cookiedomain>`)
    are correct and not causing session issues. Additionally, if 
    `$GLOBALS[TYPO3_CONF_VARS][BE][cookieSameSite]  <https://docs.typo3.org/permalink/t3coreapi:confval-globals-typo3-conf-vars-be-cookiesamesite>`_

>     is set to "none", this only works HTTPS.

Reviewer: How about:

```suggestion
    is set to "none", a login will only work on HTTPS connections.
```

(Of I understood correctly, must admit I'm looking at this half-awake ;))
